Add support for SyncConfiguration.assetFile (#7556)
realm/realm-java: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements
* [RealmApp] Reduced native memory usage when working with synchronized Realms.

> * [RealmApp] Added support for `writeCopyTo` and `RealmConfiguration.Builder.assetFile()` on synchronized Realms.

Author: ```suggestion
* [RealmApp] Added support for `Realm.writeCopyTo()` and `SyncConfiguration.Builder.assetFile()` on synchronized Realms.
```
